[BREAKING] Error for mappings used outside storage (#6282)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

 * Deprecated dot syntax for `value` and `gas`.
 * Deprecated the identifier `now`.
 * JSON AST: Removes members with ``null`` value from JSON output.

>  * Type Checker: Disallows structs in memory that contains a (nested) ``mapping`` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Type Checker: Disallows structs in memory that contain (nested) ``mapping`` types.
```

Reviewer: What about arrays?

>  * Type Checker: Disallows nested ``mapping`` types that are requested to live outside storage.

Reviewer: Can you clarify what "living outside storage" mean?

 * Syntax: Abstract contracts need to be marked explicitly as abstract by using the ``abstract`` keyword.
 * Syntax: ``length`` member of arrays is now always read-only, even for storage arrays.
 * Type Checker: Resulting type of exponentiation is equal to the type of the base. Also allow signed types for the base.

>  * Type Checker: Disallows nested mappings that are requested to live outside storage.

Reviewer 2: This should be at the top.
